# robots.txt

The file **/robots.txt** might reveal interesting URLs like **/api** or **/login**.
# Browser DevTool

## Network Tab

Analyze interesting files. Search JavaScript files for "API", "APIkey", "secret", "password".

## Memory Tab

Create a heap snapshot.
There are 3 views of the heap snapshot:

**Tree map View:**
Provides a visual representation of the snapshot, that helps you quickly get an idea of which objects are using the most memory.  
[https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/memory/tree_map_view/index.html](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/memory/tree_map_view/index.html)

**Aggregate View:**
Presents a breakdown of the heap's contents, as a table. Use the filter to search for interesting terms like **api, v1, v2, swagger, rest, dev**, etc.  
[https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/memory/aggregate_view/index.html](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/memory/aggregate_view/index.html) 

**Dominators View:**
This is useful for understanding the "retained size of objects allocated by your site: that is, the size of the objects themselves plus the size of the objects that they keep alive through references.
The *Dominators Tree* tells you which objects in the snapshot are retaining the most memory.
[https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/memory/dominators_view/index.html](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/memory/dominators_view/index.html)  
**Chromium** lets you search the heap memory with Ctrl+F.
  
## Performance Tab
 
Record certain actions (such as clicking a button) and review the timeline. This lets you see if any event you initiate on a given web page is making API requests in the background.
# Crawler/Spider

Use a Crawler/Spider to scan the website (Burp, OWASP Zap). Search results for terms like **API, GraphQL, JSON, RPC, XML**, etc.
# Brute-Forcing

## Gobuster

**Brute-force URL**
```SHELL
gobuster dir -u <URL> -w <wordlist>
```

## OWASP Amass

Use Active Recon and/or Brute-forcing.

```SHELL
amass enum -active -d <domain>  
amass enum -active -brute -w <wordlist> -d <domain>
```

## Kiterunner

Kiterunner is a tool to discover API endpoints and resources.
Different than Gobuster, Kiterunner uses all HTTP request methods common with APIs (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE) and mimics common API path structures.

**Usage**
```SHELL
kr scan <URL> -w routes.kite -A=apiroutes-210228:20000
```
  
**Old-school brute-forcing**
```SHELL
kr brute <URL> -w <wordlist> 
```

Kiterunner can also **replay requests**.
In order to replay a request, copy the entire line of content into Kitreunner:
```SHELL
kr kb replay <pasted request> -w <wordlist>
```